For the Tableau File: 


STATE-MAPs
First - convert the Latitude and Longitude to numeric, decimal, then change to geographical types. 

The Longitude needs to be corrected in the file - it needs to be the negative of the absolute value of the Longitude - the current longitude places the coordinates in China

For each of the contaminants I want to look at, I'll need to determine the minimum value, the state max, and then the measured maximum, otherwise Tableau just wants to take the maximum from all parameters
Instead of having a filter, I'll need to keep the maps specific to the contaminants that I want to specifically target. 

Years - change the sample date format to just date, include this as a Detail
Fixed results should be changed to Continuous

OVERVIEW---

I'm thinking of making a dash for each major contaminant that people think about.
I also want to include any of the contaminants that do exceed the state max anywhere, to give some info about these

Will include the image of the state with the locations, -- change Map-> Background Maps to Outdoors

Other insights we want to see - trends over the years from first measurements. 

Need to figure out how to set a color gradient. I want the State Max to be where Red starts, and it should continue to be red anywhere at or above the state max. 
Anything below can be yellow. As it approaches 0, the color should become more gray/white. 

I'm liking the AVG(Fixed Result) defining the color, and the MAX(Fixed Result) in the Rows. County Name and YEAR(Sample Date) are in the Columns

Remember NOT to use red and green for colorblind issues.
Perhaps pick the top 3 or 4 counties with the worst contaminant issues? 

Another insight - All counties with non-zero measurements. Columns: county Name, Rows: AVG(Fixed Result)
Filters: contaminant, Sample Date - filter for the past 5 years only. Color by AVG(Fixed Result)
Maybe filter this for only the top 5 counties? 

All Stations with Averages higher than the state max over the past 5 years!

MAP: Filters: Contaminant, Sample Date - only past 5 years, then AVG(Fixed Result), filter above a threshold, maybe the State Max
Columns are Corrected_Longitude and Rows are Latitude, Color by AVG(Fixed Results) -- keeping map on streets gives the city names. 